what's up guys I just make this video to
let you all know that I've started a new
slow gait series and the first episode
is over machinima I'm going to try my
best to keep the commentaries short
light and entertaining so please let me
know what you think of them just click
on the screen to go watch it or the link
will be in the description Thanks I'd
also appreciate if you guys could check
our activity music I will do my best
ensure there'll be a few songs uploaded
every week and maybe asking what's
special about this channel from any
other music channel activity music will
be contacting underground artists to get
permission for the use of their music in
your videos so basically if your video
maker you can just subscribe to activity
music and you'll see the latest music
from different artists who all give you
full permission to use their music so
they'll hopefully be regular weekly
uploads from a lot of different artists
and the log of free download links in
the description how cool is that so even
if you don't make videos it's still
worth checking out I just thought I'd
throw this in this video I want to give
y'all a quick look at my new account
which I've just started up I decided to
not tell anybody about the name yet ahem
mostly because i'm really liking just
being a normal player again you know i
can scale the pho people going silent
car it's just really nice going back to
being treated like a normal flavor
because sometimes people treat me like
something that I'm not I mean people
they care one thing I really hate but
when people talk to me is when they act
like I'm I think I like a god I saw when
I'm just a guy at the mix each of videos
and I do kind of like to keep that
separate from the game so yeah I'm
really liking been able to play and
normally in the count again I'll give
you a quick look about I'm level 64 long
and these are my stats pray basic really
am
maybe some of you guys are more familiar
with peaking the meat can help me with
this I've already got my defensive 40
but I'm hoping to hopefully be under
combat hundreds and but obviously get
some of these stats up and specialize in
the new year I'm really not sure whether
to just deranged or to become as air
corps which i think is 45 defense a
really not that familiar with PK in
terms so feel free to leave a comment of
some of your suggestions I'm not really
done that many quests either so yeah
that's just about everything for mr.
camp oh I'll give you a quick look at my
bank prettier one impressive enough for
the early days early days I'm just about
actually to start farming yeah fun times
something and we're going to end this
video here thanks in advance for any
help in the comments or I guess any
other suggestions you want to let me
know about anything i could do with
vista Camp remember and click on screen
to go watch my slow guide on machinima
thanks I'll see y'all there